Ancient Chaoxi
Your cultivation has indeed dropped a lot.
If you are in a period of total victory
I'm afraid this evil shock will be hard to stop you from taking an arrow
Humph, go to Xie Zhen
Look at the old man's broken fingers
Uh-huh.
Gu Changxi consumes spiritual power regardless of the cost
Your few orcs
I'm afraid it won't last long
How about this?
You hand over this leftover snake girl to me, devil
In exchange for your survival
I will control the old man for one day at most
If you dare to kill Xi'er, half a hair
This old man will surely find the place where your family lives
Kill your clan
Hahahahaha
Dusk of Heroes
You are no longer qualified to speak such big words
Brother Ye Xuan
Look at this flower, it's so pretty
Yeah, it's all good.
Who sees
Why did the monster attack me?
I see. You've got it all wrong.
That's not a demon
The demon race won't attack me!
He didn't dare to borrow my skin
There are at most three things I can say.
Within three pieces
I can run away from you without your help.
This time
I won't get out of the way
It's my turn to protect you
The machismo of the ancients is terrible
Ah who are you get out of the way
Da Mei, I'm here to save you
Hey boy hey
Hey!
Boy, come on up to him, hey.
What are you doing?
I want to know if he's there.
future
To repay his family
Hi be careful